# Rust API client for openapi

Manage companies in an organization.

A company is a collection of developers managed as a single entity. A company can be any grouping that is appropriate to your organization, for example, business unit, product line, or division. Grouping developers into companies is useful when your goal is to work with multiple developers associated under a single corporate entity for billing purposes, for example.

Companies are optional. It not required that the developers in your organization are associated with a company. Note that a developer is always a single entity, uniquely identified by the email element.

## Overview

This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [openapi-spec](https://openapis.org) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.RustClientCodegen

## Installation

Put the package under your project folder and add the following to `Cargo.toml` under `[dependencies]`:

```
    openapi = { path = "./generated" }
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.enterprise.apigee.com/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*CompanyApi* | [**create_company**](docs/CompanyApi.md#create_company) | **post** /organizations/{org_name}/companies | Create company
*CompanyApi* | [**delete_company**](docs/CompanyApi.md#delete_company) | **delete** /organizations/{org_name}/companies/{company_name} | Delete company
*CompanyApi* | [**get_company**](docs/CompanyApi.md#get_company) | **get** /organizations/{org_name}/companies/{company_name} | Get company details
*CompanyApi* | [**list_companies**](docs/CompanyApi.md#list_companies) | **get** /organizations/{org_name}/companies | List companies
*CompanyApi* | [**update_company**](docs/CompanyApi.md#update_company) | **put** /organizations/{org_name}/companies/{company_name} | Update a company.


## Documentation For Models

 - [Companies](docs/Companies.md)
 - [Company](docs/Company.md)
 - [CompanyAttributes](docs/CompanyAttributes.md)
 - [CompanyRequest](docs/CompanyRequest.md)


To get access to the crate's generated documentation, use:

```
cargo doc --open
```

## Author



